research.md, before:

## Publications

- **Interpolation for Converse PDL**  &nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="display:inline; padding:2px 4px; background-color: #05bf85; color:white; border-radius:6px; font-size:77%;">Best student paper</span>\
  joint work with Valentina Trucco Dalmas and Yde Venema\
  Proceedings of TABLEAUX 2025 ([doi](https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-06085-3_14),[arxiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2508.21485),[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2508.21485))
  
- **Interpolation for the two-way modal µ-calculus**\
  joint work with Yde Venema\
  Proceedings of LICS 2025 ([doi](https://doi.org/10.1109/LICS65433.2025.00019),[arxiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2505.12899#),[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2505.12899))

- **Cut elimination for Cyclic Proofs: A Case Study in Temporal Logic**\
  joint work with Bahareh Afshari\
  Proceedings of FICS 2024 ([arxiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2405.01935),[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2405.01935))
 
- **Proof Systems for the Modal μ-Calculus Obtained by Determinizing Automata**\
  joint work with Maurice Dekker, Johannes Marti and Yde Venema\
  Proceedings of TABLEAUX 2023 ([doi](https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-43513-3_14),[arxiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2307.06897),[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2307.06897))

- **A Fixed-point Theorem for Horn Formula Equations**\
  joint work with Stefan Hetzl\
  Proceedings of HCVS 2021 ([doi](https://dx.doi.org/10.4204/EPTCS.344.5),[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04633v1))

## Preprints

- **Cut-elimination for the alternation-free modal mu-calculus**\
  joint work with Bahareh Afshari\
  Preprint ([arxiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2510.11293),[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2510.11293))

- **A note on the incompleteness of Afshari & Leigh's system Clo**\
  Preprint ([arxiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2307.06846),[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2307.06846))
  
## Theses

- **A fixed-point theorem for Horn formula equations**\
  Master's thesis, TU Wien, 2020\
  supervised by Stefan Hetzl ([doi](https://doi.org/10.34726/hss.2021.85542),[pdf](https://repositum.tuwien.at/bitstream/20.500.12708/17585/1/Kloibhofer%20Johannes%20-%202021%20-%20A%20fixed-point%20theorem%20for%20Horn%20formula%20equations.pdf))
  

## Talks

- **Interpolation for the two-way modal μ-calculus**\
  Proof Theory Workshop 2025, Ghent ([slides](Talks/Ghent2025.pdf))
  
- **Interpolation for the two-way modal μ-calculus**\
  LICS 2025, Singapore ([slides](Talks/LICS2025.pdf))

- **Cut elimination for Cyclic Proofs: A case study in temporal logic**\
  FICS 2024, Napoli ([slides](Talks/FICS2024.pdf))

- **Proof Systems for the Modal μ-Calculus Obtained by Determinizing Automata**\
  TABLEAUX 2023, Prague ([slides](Talks/TABLEAUX2023.pdf))

- **Cut Elimination in Cyclic Proofs for Temporal Logic**\
  Workshop organized at the occassion of Dominik Wehr's Licensiate, Gothenburg, 2023 ([slides](Talks/Dominik2023.pdf))

- **Proofs by automata**\
  Research Seminar in Logic, Gothenburg, 2023 ([slides](Talks/Goth2023.pdf))

- **A proof system for the modal µ-calculus inspired by the determinisation of automata**\
  Computational Logic Seminar, TU Vienna, 2023 ([slides](Talks/TUWien2023.pdf))

- **A proof system for the modal µ-calculus inspired by the determinisation of automata**\
  Proof Theory Workshop 2022, Utrecht ([slides](Talks/ProofTheoryW2022.pdf))

- **A fixed-point theorem for Horn formula equations**\
  Algebra|Coalgebra Seminar ILLC, 2021 ([slides](Talks/CoAlg2021.pdf))

- **A fixed-point theorem for Horn formula equations**\
  Proof Theory Workshop 2021, Madeira ([slides](Talks/ProofTheoryW2021.pdf))

Commit message:

Add new paper on fixed-point theorem for Horn equations

research.md, after:

## Publications

- **Interpolation for Converse PDL**  &nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="display:inline; padding:2px 4px; background-color: #05bf85; color:white; border-radius:6px; font-size:77%;">Best student paper</span>\
  joint work with Valentina Trucco Dalmas and Yde Venema\
  Proceedings of TABLEAUX 2025 ([doi](https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-06085-3_14),[arxiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2508.21485),[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2508.21485))

- **An abstract fixed-point theorem for Horn formula equations**\
  joint work with Stefan Hetzl\
  ACM Transactions on Computational Logic, 2025 ([doi](https://doi.org/10.1145/3779416),[arxiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2511.08162),[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2511.08162))
  
- **Interpolation for the two-way modal µ-calculus**\
  joint work with Yde Venema\
  Proceedings of LICS 2025 ([doi](https://doi.org/10.1109/LICS65433.2025.00019),[arxiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2505.12899#),[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2505.12899))

- **Cut elimination for Cyclic Proofs: A Case Study in Temporal Logic**\
  joint work with Bahareh Afshari\
  Proceedings of FICS 2024 ([arxiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2405.01935),[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2405.01935))
 
- **Proof Systems for the Modal μ-Calculus Obtained by Determinizing Automata**\
  joint work with Maurice Dekker, Johannes Marti and Yde Venema\
  Proceedings of TABLEAUX 2023 ([doi](https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-43513-3_14),[arxiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2307.06897),[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2307.06897))

- **A Fixed-point Theorem for Horn Formula Equations**\
  joint work with Stefan Hetzl\
  Proceedings of HCVS 2021 ([doi](https://dx.doi.org/10.4204/EPTCS.344.5),[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04633v1))

## Preprints

- **Cut-elimination for the alternation-free modal mu-calculus**\
  joint work with Bahareh Afshari\
  Preprint ([arxiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2510.11293),[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2510.11293))

- **A note on the incompleteness of Afshari & Leigh's system Clo**\
  Preprint ([arxiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2307.06846),[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2307.06846))
  
## Theses

- **A fixed-point theorem for Horn formula equations**\
  Master's thesis, TU Wien, 2020\
  supervised by Stefan Hetzl ([doi](https://doi.org/10.34726/hss.2021.85542),[pdf](https://repositum.tuwien.at/bitstream/20.500.12708/17585/1/Kloibhofer%20Johannes%20-%202021%20-%20A%20fixed-point%20theorem%20for%20Horn%20formula%20equations.pdf))
  

## Talks

- **Interpolation for the two-way modal μ-calculus**\
  Proof Theory Workshop 2025, Ghent ([slides](Talks/Ghent2025.pdf))
  
- **Interpolation for the two-way modal μ-calculus**\
  LICS 2025, Singapore ([slides](Talks/LICS2025.pdf))

- **Cut elimination for Cyclic Proofs: A case study in temporal logic**\
  FICS 2024, Napoli ([slides](Talks/FICS2024.pdf))

- **Proof Systems for the Modal μ-Calculus Obtained by Determinizing Automata**\
  TABLEAUX 2023, Prague ([slides](Talks/TABLEAUX2023.pdf))

- **Cut Elimination in Cyclic Proofs for Temporal Logic**\
  Workshop organized at the occassion of Dominik Wehr's Licensiate, Gothenburg, 2023 ([slides](Talks/Dominik2023.pdf))

- **Proofs by automata**\
  Research Seminar in Logic, Gothenburg, 2023 ([slides](Talks/Goth2023.pdf))

- **A proof system for the modal µ-calculus inspired by the determinisation of automata**\
  Computational Logic Seminar, TU Vienna, 2023 ([slides](Talks/TUWien2023.pdf))

- **A proof system for the modal µ-calculus inspired by the determinisation of automata**\
  Proof Theory Workshop 2022, Utrecht ([slides](Talks/ProofTheoryW2022.pdf))

- **A fixed-point theorem for Horn formula equations**\
  Algebra|Coalgebra Seminar ILLC, 2021 ([slides](Talks/CoAlg2021.pdf))

- **A fixed-point theorem for Horn formula equations**\
  Proof Theory Workshop 2021, Madeira ([slides](Talks/ProofTheoryW2021.pdf))
